DOC-2735 - Refresh of VM Migration Assistant documentation (#10396)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/start-migration-plans.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more VMs hosted in VMware vSphere 7.0 or 8.0. The VM's OS must be present in the [virt-v2v supported guest systems](https://libguestfs.org/virt-v2v-support.1.html) list. 
```

Follow this guide to start migration plans in the VM Migration Assistant.

Cold migrations can be started at any time, but require downtime on the source VM. Warm migrations require a cutover
date and time to be set, which initiates the final synchronization and cutover process. Refer to each relevant section
for detailed instructions.

## Start Cold Migration Plans

### Prerequisites

<!--prettier-ignore-->
- The <VersionedLink text="Virtual Machine Migration Assistant" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=vm-migration-assistant"/> pack must be added to your cluster profile. Refer to [Create a VM Migration Assistant Cluster Profile](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md) for guidance.
  - The VM Migration Assistant service console must be accessible from a web browser.

- A cold migration plan created and ready to start. Refer to [Create Migration Plans](./create-migration-plans.md) for
  guidance.

> - One or more VMs hosted in VMware vSphere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more VMs hosted in VMware vSphere 7.0 or 8.0. The VM's OS must be present in the [virt-v2v supported guest systems](https://libguestfs.org/virt-v2v-support.1.html) list. 
```

  - VMs operating Windows must be shut down at the virtualized OS level.

### Start Cold Migration

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Migration plans**.

> 3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down menu to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,
```

   or select **All Namespaces**.

4. Find your plan in the table and click the plan name to view its details. You can use the table filters to help locate
   your plan if needed.

5. On the **Details** tab, under **Plan details: Status**, click **Start**.

6. Click **Start** in the pop-up window.

7. Click on the **Virtual Machines** tab.

8. In the table, click the **>** icon for each VM to view the status of the migration. The **Migration progress**
   section displays the stages of the migration and their status.

   You can also click the **>** icon next to the **Migration resources** to view the Kubernetes resources created for
   the migration of that VM.

### Validate

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Migration plans**.

> 3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down menu to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,
```

   or select **All Namespaces**.

4. Find your plan in the table and click the plan name to view its details. You can use the table filters to help locate
   your plan if needed.

5. On the **Details** tab, under **Plan details: Status**, check that the status displays as **Complete**.

6. Click on the **Virtual Machines** tab.

> 7. In the table, check that the **Pipeline status** column displays as **Succeeded** for each VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the table, check that the **Pipeline status** column shows **Succeeded** for each VM.
```

   ![Successful VM Migration](/vm-migration-assistant/start-migration-plans_succeeded-vm-tab.webp)

8. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

9. From the left main menu, select **Clusters**. Then, choose the VMO cluster that you migrated your VMs to. The
   **Overview** tab appears.

> 10. Select the **Virtual Machines** tab. Then, select your migration namespace from the **Namespace** drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Select the **Virtual Machines** tab. Then, select your migration namespace from the **Namespace** drop-down.
```

- [Changed Block Tracking](https://knowledge.broadcom.com/external/article/315370/enabling-or-disabling-changed-block-trac.html)
  must be enabled on your VMs.

### Start Warm Migration

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Migration plans**.

> 3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down menu to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,
```

   or select **All Namespaces**.

4. Find your plan in the table and click the plan name to view its details.

5. On the **Details** tab, under **Plan details: Status**, click **Start**.

6. Click **Start** in the pop-up window.

7. Click on the **Virtual Machines** tab.

> 8. In the table, click the **>** icon for each VM to view the status of the migration. The **Migration progress**

Reviewer: General question that I don't know the answer to: _icon_ or _button_? Since we opted to use "button" for the delete, close, and add icons. (I feel like I'm starting to have second thoughts--if it's an image, should we use icon instead of button to make it clear they aren't looking for text? So, "delete icon", "add icon", etc. But an icon also isn't necessarily clickable, whereas a button is.)

Author: @achuribooks  Should it be "button" when it has text but no icon and is still clickable?

Reviewer: There may be an odd case where a "button" has both text and an icon. So maybe, as a hard rule:

- Clickable w/ ANY text (and clearly no other possible interaction, like drop-down) = Button
- Clickable w/o text (image only) = Icon

?

... Which would also make it go from three-dot menu --> three-dot icon 💀 

Ahhh I love cans of worms.

Author: Can we close the can and ignore the worms that crawled out? 😆 

In all seriousness, I agree with that suggestion, but yes, that implies we would need to change the "three-dot menu" going forward.

   section displays the stages of the migration and their status.

   You can also click the **>** icon next to the **Migration resources** to view the Kubernetes resources created for
   the migration of that VM.

> 9. Monitor the migration progress until the **Pipeline status** shows as **Waiting** and the **Migration progress**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Monitor the migration progress until the **Pipeline status** shows **Waiting** and the **Migration progress**
```

   section shows **Paused**. This indicates that the migration is ready for the final cutover to be initiated.

   ![Ready for Cutover](/vm-migration-assistant/start-migration-plans_schedule-cutover.webp)

10. Click **Schedule cutover**.

11. In the pop-up window, click on the calendar icon and select a cutover date in the calendar. Next, click on the clock

>     icon and select a cutover time from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. In the modal window, click on the calendar icon and select a cutover date in the calendar. Next, click on the clock
    icon and select a cutover time from the drop-down.
```

Modal window = form field/choices; dialog window = button to confirm or deny. Right? I believe that was what we decided on.

Author: Yes, I couldn't remember it all, but I believe that was the agreement.

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Migration plans**.

> 3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down menu to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the top-left corner, use the **Namespace** drop-down to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration,
```

   or select **All Namespaces**.

4. Find your plan in the table and click the plan name to view its details. You can use the table filters to help locate
   your plan if needed.

> 5. On the **Details** tab, under **Plan details: Status**, check that the status displays as **Complete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Details** tab, under **Plan details: Status**, check that the status is **Complete**.
```

6. Click on the **Virtual Machines** tab.

> 7. In the table, check that the **Pipeline status** column displays as **Succeeded** for each VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the table, check that the **Pipeline status** column shows **Succeeded** for each VM.
```

8. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

9. From the left main menu, select **Clusters**. Then, choose the VMO cluster that you migrated your VMs to. The
   **Overview** tab appears.

> 10. Select the **Virtual Machines** tab. Then, select your migration namespace from the **Namespace** drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Select the **Virtual Machines** tab. Then, select your migration namespace from the **Namespace** drop-down.
```
